# 2.4.1: What type of argument do you find convincing?
Question:
Having read Chapter 4 of the module text, return to page 37 (onwards) and consider the question, ‘What does it take to convince me?’

In this discussion forum you will first share your thoughts, then reply to two classmates.

Add a thread to this discussion forum and share the following:

(a) Describe what features of an argument (or claim) you find convincing. Use examples if you like. You don’t have to restrict yourself to academic ideas. You can use advertising, politicians, etc. if you want to. What would make you think, ‘Yes, I’ll buy that,’ or ‘Yes, I agree with that’? (Or the opposite?)

#### Answer
When I approach a topic for consideration, I would consider a claim convincing if it was well structured and laid out by the person presenting it. Sometimes to my detriment, as if someone is simply convincing, I often think, well it must be true.

Ideally, when critiquing a topic for validity, one should assess the claims made by the person and consider if sufficient evidence or support has been provided. Also, if applicable if a large enough sample was used for the claim.

I would often consider someones claim during or following a debate, I find discussing the topic at hand, an invaluable opportunity to gather information, assess the knowledge shared and come to a conclusion or some reasoning about the topic at hand.

For academic purposes, the course text Wallace and Wray considers five key questions to target reading to gain a critical synopsis from the material and be convinced of its validity for your purposes. To become convinced by academic texts, we start with simple yet probing questions.
Why am I reading this? What are the authors trying to achieve by writing the piece? What do the authors claim that is relevant to my work? How convincing are these claims and why? and in conclusion, what can you take from it? These questions will greatly assist me in the future in organising claims made, dissecting the information presented and determining if it has the weight, via claims made with the supporting evidence required to be convincing.